of course my camera died and i'm having
to film this the day after I film this
tutorial but I hope you guys enjoy this
video and let me know if you have any
questions below and tell me some of your
favorite products that you're using
right now because I'm kind of hitting a
slump with new things that I want to try
I'll leave them in the comments below
and I will talk to you real soon again I
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and I
will see you shortly so we take a little
bit of my cashew beige on a damp Beauty
Blender that I that I wet with fix+ and
I'm just gonna apply that to my face
okay so that is a layer of the laura
mercier in cashew beige of the silk
creme foundation and I really love it it
doesn't sink into my fine lines and
pores it just gives a nice soft focus
over the skin and leaves you with a nice
radiance to your face after I applied my
foundation I will take a little bit of
the mac prolongwear concealer in NC 20
up under my eyes don't forget to get the
inner corners of your eyes
I'll go right along the creases of my
smile lines on the side of my
nostrils
little on the chin
little in between the brows
and along the bridge of the nose
okay so now i'm going to read dampen my
beauty blender with a little fixed plus
over the
now set my entire face with the laura
mercier rich vanilla mineral powder
I'm working in circular motions to
really buff that in that's time for our
secret brightening powder from Laura
Mercier up under our eyes this is a new
product for me you might have seen it in
my recent haul video and I'm just going
to take a little bit of this probably
what's already in the cap and apply that
to both of my under eyes it's my trusty
mac lingering eye pencil just to twist
up like this and I just start going
along the natural eyebrow growth
I'm going to use my new makeup geek in
English I shadows and my Z palette that
I made
to start out I'm gonna take Barcelona
beach by makeup geek and I'm gonna put
that in all over the crease with a 217
brush
okay now taking inglot number 54
eyeshadow I'm gonna put that all over
the lid
so now take your 217 that we use with no
extra product and just blend those edges
I'm just going to take this peachy tone
color number 393 by Inglot and I'm going
to place that on I'm going to place that
on the brow bone
now that we have our I should understand
i'm gonna go in with my face calm felt
tip liner I'm just gonna create a wing
I'm going to go in and apply my false
lashes and I'll be right back okay so
I'm gonna let that eyelash glue dry and
while we're waiting on that I'm going to
take my Chanel labeija number 50 I'm
gonna contour out my cheeks a little bit
I'll take just a little bit of that
powder and contour my nose just the tag
I'm gonna use the makeup geek
infatuation blush it's just a nice
really peachy it's just a true peach
color now go over the edges with my
Beauty Blender I'm gonna add a little
mascara the Chanel the volume to my top
lashes I can't find my gig of black
flash so this will just have to do and
now let's do a little highlight I'm
gonna use my soft and gentle like always
buy Mac I'm gonna use my Marc Jacobs
nudist lip pencil I think it's called
the pout liner or something and it's a
twist up I'm just gonna and I'm just
gonna outline my lip
so this is the lip that I wore in the
tutorial I believe my camera cut off
when I was doing my lip liner it is the
Marc Jacobs lip liner in nudist and the
lipstick that i have on over top of my
over top of my lip liner is the marc
jacobs moody Margo um I was just I mean
it was pretty simple what I was doing I
was just applying it I filled I outlined
my lips and then I filled in my lips
with the nudist lip liner and then I
went over that in the center and kind of
smoothed it out with the moody more go
by marc jacobs that is the new nudist
collection that he came out with so i
hope that you enjoyed this video and i
will see you real soon bye
Oh